Beta-agonists are medications that selectively stimulate beta receptors.
Beta-1 receptors are found in the heart,
while beta-2 receptors are found in the lungs and bronchial airways.
In the body, natural chemicals can stimulate
the receptors in the heart to increase the heartbeat
and the squeezing force of heart muscle to increase
blood flow while in the lungs.
Stimulation of the receptors causes the lung airway
muscle cells to relax.
Opening the airways and increase airflow through the lungs.
Beta-agonists can be selective
when attaching and stimulating the same receptors
as the natural chemicals.
They may be used to stimulate the heart to work harder
or to increase airflow into the lungs.